Change wording for better understanding (#2134)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/plugin/sdkv2/schemas/schema-behaviors.mdx

- Cannot be used if `Required` is `true`
- Cannot be used with `DefaultFunc`

> If `Default` is specified, that is the value that is used when this item is not set in
> the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `Default` is specified, Terraform will use that value when this item is not set in
the configuration.
```
